---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 7 Plans
description: Here are my plans for week 7
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 7} }
---

## Week 7 Plans


# Monday
Attend the tech talk on Algorithms to gain insights for Thursday's teaching project.
Post-talk, dive into preparations for Thursday, with a focus on organizing the session and determining the homework to be assigned.
Start assembling materials required for the teaching project, including visuals and code.
# Tuesday
Dedicate the day to progressing the teaching project.
Ensure all visual aids are ready and that Python code cells are functioning correctly.
Begin outlining the ideation video, scripting a 5-minute segment, and distributing tasks among team members.
Extra Credit Opportunity
Attend the A101 Tuesday Tutorial for a 0.1 SEED point increase, ensuring participation and the commencement of a requirements blog, issues log, and scrum board.
The "Computer Science Society" will discuss Agile and Scrum Methodology during the tutorial, offering valuable insights for upcoming project management.
# Wednesday
If available, join a morning tech talk.
Engage with student lessons on Data Abstraction.
Work on homework as directed by the team.
Press on with preparations for tomorrow's Algorithms teaching session.
# Thursday
On this abbreviated day, finalize all teaching materials and run through the presentation to ensure clarity and readiness.
Rectify any errors in the presentation material.
Conduct the Algorithms teaching session, focusing on interactive elements to maintain class engagement.
Assign homework at the end of the session.
# Friday
Utilize this work day to push forward with the ideation video plans.
Allocate individual segments of the video to team members.
Aim to finalize the video outline to facilitate completion over the weekend.
Look forward to tomorrow's homecoming festivities!