---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 5 Plans
description: Here are my plans for week 5
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 5} }
---

## Week 5 Plans

# Tuesday
Conduct tech talks on team teaching methods.
Finish writing scripts for coding tutorials, emphasizing cooperative techniques.
Prepare for team teaching sessions.
Begin scripting for instructional videos, considering the editing process and other production elements.
Annotate code thoroughly, seek comprehensive feedback from Chat-GPT, and draft a flowchart for a recipe management system visualization.
# Extra Credit
Attend the extra credit session in Mort's room from 3:50 PM to 4:30 PM, which can increase your grade by 0.35 points.

# Wednesday
Discuss end-of-term projects.
Start outlining the project plan.
Kick off with a review of the previous day's progress and set objectives for the current day with the team.
Continue preparation for team teaching.
Implement last-minute adjustments to scripts and begin recording.
Evaluate the team's video draft.
Finalize code and conduct a bug review.
# Thursday
Revisit the Python Flask framework and the anatomy project.
Finish scripting for the team teaching project and ensure each team member is clear on their segment.
Enhance the teaching video with final script additions.
Document key points from the team teaching project for reference.
Finalize preparations for Friday's presentation.
Confirm presentation details, including the speaking order and approach for the next day.
# Friday
Present the team project.
Instruct on algorithms, covering sections 3.3 and 3.4, to the class.
Compile notes and feedback from peer teaching sessions for review.