---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 9 Plans
description: Here are my plans for week 9
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 9} }
---

## Week 9 Plans

# Monday
- Attend the tech talk on API integration and Postman conducted by the instructor.
- Proceed with the API integration project.
- Prepare a progress report for the instructor, highlighting closed issues and including commit logs.
- Plan to reintegrate blogs and render API data on the front-end website.

# Tuesday
- Deliver a presentation on developing algorithms.
- Further refine the aesthetic aspects of integrating the back-end API with the front-end code.
- Synchronize both front-end and back-end code for seamless functionality.
- Hold a team meeting to outline the week's objectives and tasks.

# Wednesday
- Focus on Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) in JavaScript for the front-end.
- Listen to the day's instructional talk and apply learned concepts to the website project.
- Advance the integration process of the front-end with the back-end servers.

# Thursday
- Review topics on lists and searching algorithms.
- Participate in or observe any student teaching projects that are relevant.
- Work on assignments provided by the instructor.
- Document progress on integration with concrete commit evidence and code demonstrations.

# Friday
- Utilize this workday to apply finishing touches to the API integration.
- Ensure all coding efforts are well documented with commit histories.
- Perform comprehensive checks and revisions on the website.
- Prepare for the final deployment of the site.